Add a FAQ page for synchronizations (#41)
packagist/private-packagist-docs: docs/synchronizations-faq.md

# Synchronizations FAQ

In Private Packagist synchronizations is how you keep packages, teams, their members, and access permissions in sync with your version control system like GitHub, GitLab or Bitbucket.

> You can find below answers for frequently-asked questions concerning Synchronizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find below answers for frequently-asked questions concerning synchronizations.
```

> ## How to migrate my synchronization from GitHub to Bitbucket?

Reviewer: Need to check this on the page but I think the first h2 from the md file gets removed and added as sub header which would break this here.

1. Add the new synchronization from Bitbucket.
2. Delete the packages that were created from the GitHub synchronization. You can filter by the GitHub synchronization on the package list page and then you can delete the packages from that list.

> 3. Make sure the new synchronization from Bitbucket successfully run. Then you can safely delete the old synchronization from GitHub.

Reviewer: This should probably also mention that the primary sync needs to be updated and what this implies? Same for the questions below

Author: what do you mean by the primary sync needs to be updated? is this in case the old sync was the primary one?

Reviewer: Right, if the old sync was the primary sync then before you can delete it you need to promote another sync as primary

> You can follow the same steps above in case you want to migrate from Bitbucket to Gitlab or the other way around.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow the same steps above in case you want to migrate from Bitbucket to GitLab or the other way around.
```

## How to migrate from one organization to another one in GitHub?

1. Add the new synchronization from the new GitHub organization.
2. On GitHub, you can transfer the packages from the old organization to the new one.
3. After verifying that the new synchronization is in sync with Private Packagist, you can remove the old GitHub organization synchronization.

## How to migrate from one workspace to another one in Bitbucket?

1. Transfer your repositories in Bitbucket from the old workspace to the new one.
2. Create a new synchronization with the new bitbucket workspace
3. After verifying that the new synchronization has the correct data, you can remove the old workspace synchronization.

> You can follow the same steps above in case you want to migrate from one Gitlab group to an another one.

Reviewer: Why is there an entry for GitHub and Bitbucket and not for GitLab? The GitLab entry should have an additional entry to run a sync before verifying and deleting the old sync because GitLab doesn't have a webhook to detect new repositories. Otherwise the packages won't update their URL.

Author: at what point you would need to run the sync? It's already run as soon as you create it (here in the step 2) right?

Reviewer: Oh apologies, I read 1 and 2 in the wrong order. In this case I would probably suggest to switch them. Set the new synchronization up first and then transfer your repositories. This way you make sure that if the migration takes a while your packages will still get updated.

The GitLab sync would then have to happen after all repositories are transferred.

# Synchronizations FAQ
##

In Private Packagist synchronizations is how you keep packages, teams, their members, and access permissions in sync with your version control system like GitHub, GitLab or Bitbucket.

You can find below answers for frequently-asked questions concerning synchronizations.

## How to migrate my synchronization from GitHub to Bitbucket?

1. Add the new synchronization from Bitbucket.
2. Delete the packages that were created from the GitHub synchronization. You can filter by the GitHub synchronization on the package list page and then you can delete the packages from that list.

> 3. Make sure the new synchronization from Bitbucket successfully run. In case the old synchronization was marked as primary, you need to promote the new synchronization as primary otherwise you won't be able to delete it. After switching the primary synchronization, a new owner team will be fetched from Bitbucket. To make sure you keep your access, you'll have to go to your profile page and connect your Private Packagist account with Bitbucket.

Reviewer: We don't fetch a new owner team but instead after the Private Packagist Owners team will only consist of admins of the new Bitbucket workspace and no longer the GitHub organization. This already gets rather long. I wonder whether we should have a new question entry about primary syncs explaining what makes a primary sync a primary sync and what happens if you promote a different sync to primary. Then we can link to the primary article and don't have to repeat everything in all questions?

Author: ok, I added a section explaining the primary sync

> # Synchronizations FAQ

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Synchronization FAQ
```

##

> In Private Packagist synchronizations is how you keep packages, teams, their members, and access permissions in sync with your version control system like GitHub, GitLab or Bitbucket.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Synchronizations allow you to keep packages, teams, their members, and access permissions in sync with your code hosting platform, e.g. GitHub, GitLab or Bitbucket.
```

> You can find below answers for frequently-asked questions concerning synchronizations.

Reviewer 2: That's kind of clear the page is called Synchronizations FAQ
```suggestion
```

## What happens if you promote a synchronization to a primary synchronization?

> Only with a primary synchronization that admins and owners teams will be added to Private Packagist.

Reviewer: This sounds like an introduction to what is a primary sync. There seems to be something off at the beginning of the sentence `Only with a primary synchronization`. This sounds like there is a choice not have a primary synchronization. Also as we only call it a primary sync once there is more than one sync in an org. I would mention that as well to not confuse users that only have one sync setup e.g.

```
Private Packagist organizations that are synchronized with a remote organization have automatically all
admins and owners of the synchronization assigned to the admins and owners team in Private Packagist.
If an organization is synchronized with multiple remote organizations then only admins and owners of the
primary synchronization are added to the respective teams.
```

> If an organization is synchronized with multiple remote organizations then only admins and owners of the primary synchronization are added to the respective teams.

Reviewer: Do you think instead of `added` we can use a different verb that also implies that admins and owners that were in the old GitHub org but not in the new org will be removed now that the paragraph below only talk about switching integration?

Author: how about `matches` or `synchronized` instead of `added` ?

Reviewer: Would probably avoid `synchronized` because that was is already heavily used in this article

Author: ok, used matched here, anything else you think is still unclear?

> Private Packagist organizations that are synchronized with a remote organization have automatically all admins and owners of the synchronization assigned to the admins and owners team in Private Packagist.
> 
> If an organization is synchronized with multiple remote organizations then only admins and owners of the primary synchronization are matched to the respective teams.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Synchronized Private Packagist organizations automatically have all admins and owners of the remote organization of the primary synchronization assigned to the admins and owners teams in Private Packagist. Admins and owners of additional synchronized remote organizations are not added to the admins or owners teams in Private Packagist.
```

> When promoting a synchronization to a primary synchronization, new admins and owners will be added from the primary synchronization to Private Packagist.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When promoting a synchronization to primary, admins and owners of the corresponding remote organization will now be the sole members of the admins and owners teams on Private Packagist.
```

> - You will not be able to delete the primary synchronization.

Reviewer: The first and last entry here are not necessary. Remove the list and instead build out the second point into a section that explains what happens if you promote a new synchronization to primary: new admins and owners will be added to the teams, this means people not in the new team will lose access and explain what needs to be done when the new primary sync is on a different platform/integration. Users will not lose access to their account. They will lose access to the organization. On the profile page they are not called integrations but services.

Author: ok I removed the two entries and rewrote this.

> Users who are not in the new team will lose access to the organization. To restore their access, the user have to connect their account to the new service from the profile page.

Reviewer: The first sentence here is now correct. But the second sentence only applies if the new primary sync is for a different integration.

> Users who are not in the new team will lose access to the organization. You can resotre their access by connecting the account to the new service from the profile page.

Reviewer: `Users who are not in the new team will lose access to the organization.` this is something to applies in general. Not only when switching integrations

`You can resotre their access by connecting the account` typo in restore and the sentence reads as if an admin can restore access for other users. Every users needs to connect their own account.

> In case you change the integration for the new primary synchronization (e.g. from GitHub to Bitbucket), users who are not in the new team will lose access to the organization. To restore their access, the user have to connect their account to the new service from the profile page.

Reviewer: Can you reword this so it doesn't say `users who are not in the new team` but instead `users [or even admins and owners] who are not connected to the new service yet` lose admin/owner access? From what I have seen so far the problem usually was that the users Bitbucket (the new primary sync) account is listed as inactive in the admins/owners team. If the user is not shown in the admins/owners team anymore then this implies that they are not part of the team in Bitbucket and connecting the account won't help.

> In case you change the integration for the new primary synchronization (e.g. from GitHub to Bitbucket), admins and owners who are not connected to the new service yet will lose admin/owner access to the organization. To restore their access, the user have to connect their account to the new service from the profile page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you change the integration for the new primary synchronization (e.g. from GitHub to Bitbucket), admins and owners who are not connected to the new service yet will lose admin/owner access to the organization. To restore their access, the users have to connect their account to the new service from the profile page.
```

> In case you change the integration for the new primary synchronization (e.g. from GitHub to Bitbucket), admins and owners who are not connected to the new service yet will lose admin/owner access to the organization. To restore their access, the users have to connect their account to the new service from the profile page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So keep in mind that if you switch the primary synchronization to a different service (e.g. from GitHub to Bitbucket), all admins and owners who do not have their user accounts connected to the new service yet (Bitbucket in the example) will lose admin/owner access to the Private Packagist organization. To restore their access, the users have to connect their account to the new service on the profile page.
```

## How to migrate a synchronization from GitHub to Bitbucket?

> 1. Add the new synchronization from Bitbucket.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Add a new synchronization with your Bitbucket workspace.
```

> 2. Delete the packages that were created from the GitHub synchronization. You can filter by the GitHub synchronization on the package list page and then you can delete the packages from that list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Delete the packages that were created by the GitHub synchronization. You can filter by the GitHub synchronization on the package list page and then you can delete the packages from that list.
```

> 3. Make sure the new synchronization from Bitbucket successfully run. In case the old synchronization was marked as primary, you need to promote the new synchronization as primary otherwise you won't be able to delete it. Please refer to [this section](#what-happens-if-you-promote-a-synchronization-to-a-primary-synchronization) for more details about promoting a synchronization to primary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Make sure the new synchronization with your Bitbucket workspace successfully ran. In case the old synchronization was primary, you need to promote the new synchronization to primary. Otherwise you won't be able to delete your old synchronization. Please refer to ["What happens if you promote a synchronization to a primary synchronization?"](#what-happens-if-you-promote-a-synchronization-to-a-primary-synchronization) for more details about promoting a synchronization to primary.
```

> 4. Safely delete the old synchronization from GitHub.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Delete the old synchronization from GitHub.
```

Safely will just confuse users because they won't know what they have to do to make it "safe".

You can follow the same steps above in case you want to migrate from Bitbucket to GitLab or the other way around.

## How to migrate from one organization to another one in GitHub?

> 1. Add the new synchronization from the new GitHub organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Add a new synchronization with the new GitHub organization.
```

2. On GitHub, you can transfer the packages from the old organization to the new one.

> 3. In case the old synchronization was marked as primary, you need to promote the new synchronization as primary otherwise you won't be able to delete it. After verifying that the new synchronization is in sync with Private Packagist, you can remove the old GitHub organization synchronization. Please refer to [this section](#what-happens-if-you-promote-a-synchronization-to-a-primary-synchronization) for more details about promoting a synchronization to primary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. In case the old synchronization was primary, you need to promote the new synchronization to primary otherwise you won't be able to delete the old one. After verifying that the new synchronization successfully ran you can remove the old synchronization with GitHub. Please refer to ["What happens if you promote a synchronization to a primary synchronization?"](#what-happens-if-you-promote-a-synchronization-to-a-primary-synchronization) for more details about promoting a synchronization to primary.
```

## How to migrate from one workspace to another one in Bitbucket?

1. Transfer your repositories in Bitbucket from the old workspace to the new one.

> 2. Create a new synchronization with the new bitbucket workspace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Create a new synchronization with the new Bitbucket workspace.
```

> 3. In case the old synchronization was marked as primary, you need to promote the new synchronization as primary otherwise you won't be able to delete it. After verifying that the new synchronization is in sync with Private Packagist, you can remove the old Bitbucket workspace synchronization. Please refer to [this section](#what-happens-if-you-promote-a-synchronization-to-a-primary-synchronization) for more details about promoting a synchronization to primary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. In case the old synchronization was primary, you need to promote the new synchronization to primary. Otherwise you won't be able to delete the old synchronization. After verifying that the new synchronization successfully ran, you can remove the old synchronization with Bitbucket. Please refer to ["What happens if you promote a synchronization to a primary synchronization?"](#what-happens-if-you-promote-a-synchronization-to-a-primary-synchronization) for more details about promoting a synchronization to primary.
```

> ## How to migrate from one group to another one in Gitlab?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How to migrate from one group to another one in GitLab?
```

> 1. Create a new synchronization with the new Gitlab workspace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a new synchronization with the new GitLab workspace.
```

> 2. Transfer your repositories in Gitlab from the old group to the new one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Transfer your repositories in GitLab from the old group to the new one.
```

3. Run the new GitLab group synchronization.

> 4. In case the old synchronization was marked as primary, you need to promote the new synchronization as primary otherwise you won't be able to delete it. After verifying that the new synchronization is in sync with Private Packagist, you can remove the old Gitlab group synchronization. Please refer to [this section](#what-happens-if-you-promote-a-synchronization-to-a-primary-synchronization) for more details about promoting a synchronization to primary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. In case the old synchronization was primary, you need to promote the new synchronization to primary otherwise you won't be able to delete the old synchronization. After verifying that the new synchronization successfully ran, you can remove the old synchronization with GitLab. Please refer to ["What happens if you promote a synchronization to a primary synchronization?"](#what-happens-if-you-promote-a-synchronization-to-a-primary-synchronization) for more details about promoting a synchronization to primary.
```

# Synchronizations FAQ
##

In Private Packagist synchronizations is how you keep packages, teams, their members, and access permissions in sync with your version control system like GitHub, GitLab or Bitbucket.

You can find below answers for frequently-asked questions concerning synchronizations.

## How to migrate my synchronization from GitHub to Bitbucket?

1. Add the new synchronization from Bitbucket.
2. Delete the packages that were created from the GitHub synchronization. You can filter by the GitHub synchronization on the package list page and then you can delete the packages from that list.

> 3. Make sure the new synchronization from Bitbucket successfully run. In case the old synchronization was marked as primary, you need to promote the new synchronization as primary otherwise you won't be able to delete it. Then you can safely delete the old synchronization from GitHub.

Reviewer: I wonder whether we need to explain what switching primary synchronization implies e.g. new owner team and in this particular case that users will have to connect their personal account with the new service to make sure they do not lose access?

Author: yes I think that's worth mentioning
